.persona-copy Laura is young event planning professional in her early thirties with ten years of experience in the event planning industry. She attended a well-known regional university where she graduated with a major in marketing and a minor in creative writing and currently resides in a mid-sized city where she is a partner in her firm along with three other similarly qualified individuals. Laura is recently married and has no children. 

h4 Behavior Patterns

.persona-copy While Laura is internet-savvy and does spend some time using online social and communications applications, her main work consists of organizing the logistics of her planned events with a myriad of suppliers, vendors and partners, mainly over the phone and through physical on-site visits. These communication efforts reward her with having a close partnership with many of her contacts in the industry. While Laura doesn't shun the use of the internet as a business communication device, she is very aware of how her contacts have come to appreciate and respect her business by being of a personal touch.

h4 Goals

.persona-copy Laura's main goals are to grow her family with her husband in the next couple of years while keeping active in the day-to-day working of her business. In the distant future she would like to retire at an early age after having had a successful and lucrative career in the event planning industry. She sees her company growing into a +50 person business with the expected revenues from a upper-profile company of that size.

h4 Needs

.persona-copy Along with her partners, Laura is under pressure to both grow the business and sustain current cash flows. In order to generate more sales leads, Laura has taken it upon herself to explore non-traditional arrangements in the industry in order to connect with and solidify business arrangements with niche or alternative providers.

h4 Attitudes

.persona-copy Like many of her social peers, Laura is tolerant and open with her social life, yet still harbors may attitudes that may be perceived as dated by other people in her surroundings. Laura is aware of this and is making an effort to further soften her attitudes towards people she with whom she has little interaction.

h4 Beliefs

.persona-copy Although not a religious person, Laura does obtain many of her belief traits from her middle-class, religiously observant family and friends and appreciates working with honest partners in her business dealing and tends to be very critical and distrustful of working with companies whose reputation or service offerings are less than stellar. 

h4 Workflow

.persona-copy Laura's workflow consists of a Tuesday through Saturday routine where she will normally work from her office in the early day, researching locations, vendors and potential partners, spend her afternoons making business-related calls or personal visits to clients and partners. Some evenings are busy either engaging in the sales cycle or actually executing events and there are always many fires to be put out, either in the office or on the road. Laura works from her laptop and mobile phone.

h4 Skills

.persona-copy Aside from her many years of work experience, where Laura really excels is at finding new business arrangements with partners who never knew they had the ability or know-how and selling them on new concepts. She takes a very analytical approach towards her work and relishes the opportunity to stretch out her creative skills to further enhance her planned events. Highly competitive within the industry, Laura embraces newer techniques and technologies that allow her to be more productive and focused on growing her business.

h4 Environment

.persona-copy  Laura's work and home environment are both stable. Successful along with her partners, she is able to pay herself a competitive wage and enjoy the creature comforts of a dual-income family with no kids. She lives within walking distance of her office and exercises regularly. She has no known illnesses or physical handicaps. 
